Add Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS) backend for etcd-backu… (#2065)
coreos/etcd-operator: doc/user/oss_backup.md

# Backups using Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS)

> Etcd backup operator backs up the data of an etcd cluster running on Kubernetes to a remote storage such as Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS). If it is not deployed yet, please follow [here](walkthrough/backup-operator.md#deploy-etcd-backup-operator) to deploy it, e.g. by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Etcd backup operator backs up the data of an etcd cluster running on Kubernetes to a remote storage such as Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS). If it is not deployed yet, please follow the [instructions](walkthrough/backup-operator.md#deploy-etcd-backup-operator) to deploy it, e.g. by running
```

```sh
kubectl apply -f example/etcd-backup-operator/deployment.yaml
```

## Setup Alibaba Cloud backup account, OSS bucket, and Secret

> 1. Login [Alibaba Cloud Console](https://www.alibabacloud.com)(or [Aliyun Console](https://www.aliyun.com/) if you are in China ), and then create your own AK/SK, you can optionally create a OSS bucket for backups.

Reviewer: Define the correct acronyms for AccessKeyID (`AKID`) and AccessKeySecret (`AKS`) before referencing them. With this, also change `AK`=>`AKID` and `SK`=>`AKS` in the rest of the doc.
Also define and link to OSS doc.

```suggestion
1. Login [Alibaba Cloud Console](https://www.alibabacloud.com) (or [Aliyun Console](https://www.aliyun.com/) if you are in China) and create your own [AccessKey](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/29009.htm) which gives you the AccessKeyID (AKID) and AccessKeySecret (AKS). You can optionally create an Object Storage Service ([OSS](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/31947.htm)) bucket for backups.
```

> 2. Create a secret storing OSS AK/SK in kubernetes.  

Reviewer: Update the acronyms. Also the Access credentials are not specific/related to the OSS right? That's why i rephrased it to not say OSS.
```suggestion
2. Create a secret storing your AKID and AKS in Kubernetes.  
```

 ```yaml  
apiVersion: v1
  kind: Secret
  metadata:
    name: my-oss-credentials
  type: Opaque
  data:
    accessKeyID: <my-access-key-id>
    accessKeySecret: <my-access-key-secret>
 ```  

3. Create an `EtcdBackup` CR file `etcdbackup.yaml` which uses secret `my-oss-credentials` from the previous step.  
```yaml
apiVersion: etcd.database.coreos.com/v1beta2
kind: EtcdBackup
metadata:
  name: etcd-cluster-with-oss-backup
spec:
  backupPolicy:
    ...
  etcdEndpoints:

>     ...

Reviewer: Same here so this example works with the default [example-etcd-cluster](https://github.com/coreos/etcd-operator/blob/master/example/example-etcd-cluster.yaml) manifest:
```suggestion
    - "http://example-etcd-cluster-client:2379"
```
Remove lines 32-33.

  storageType: OSS
  oss:
    endpoint: http://oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com
    ossSecret: my-oss-credentials
    path: my-etcd-backups-bucket/etcd.backup
```   

4. Apply yaml file to kubernetes cluster.  
```sh
kubectl apply -f etcdbackup.yaml
```
5. Check the `status` section of the `EtcdBackup` CR.

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```
Nit: This highlights the output of shell commands so it's easier to view in markdown.

$ kubectl get EtcdBackup etcd-cluster-with-oss-backup -o yaml
apiVersion: etcd.database.coreos.com/v1beta2
kind: EtcdBackup
...
spec:
  oss:
    ossSecret: my-oss-credentials
    path: my-etcd-backups-bucket/etcd.backup
    endpoint: http://oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com
  etcdEndpoints:
  - http://example-etcd-cluster-client:2379
  storageType: OSS
status:
  etcdRevision: 1
  etcdVersion: 3.2.13
  succeeded: true
```

6. We should see the backup files from Alibaba Cloud OSS Console.

## Restore etcd based on data from OSS.

Etcd restore operator is in charge of restoring etcd cluster from backup. If it is not deployed, please deploy by following command:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```
